Religion
Ileana Response: Marriage is between the husband and wife, I will consider grandparents input in certain situations but I expect my parents to stay out of my marriage and they way my husband and I decide to raise our kids. Personally, I would like  my children to see their father as a strong Christian man who lives a godly life, he does not cheat, cut corners, is faithful to his family, hard working, wise, calm yet brave and humble, loving, active. Husband and wife should be obedient and committed to study the Bible and spiritual teachings, attend church, and serve/tide in the community or church. I would like to establish a practice in where large and important enough decisions are consulted with God (kids, large purchases, changing jobs, etc.). 

Last name
Ileana Response: Sure. I haven’t thought what it will be to change my last name but kids can take the father’s last name. 

Living together
Ileana Response: I will not live with you before marriage. If you are still figuring out if I am still “the one” then I am not. No need for a test run before marriage. Marriage is the whole package, good and bad. 

Sex
No oral sex or sex before marriage. Says she is a horny person, but we already dont have a lot of physical activity, and if we do anything then I make the initial move. If we already aren’t having a physical relationship, what makes it change when we are already married. What if she doesnt enjoy sex, or anything oral. She has tried it once, and has never tried it since.

Kids:
Ileana Response: I do want kids, minimum of 2 - max. 3. Raising them close to family is not a priority for me. I would like to stay at home as much as possible, I need to get used to the idea of daycare, if it all makes sense financially for the good of the kids. Public education is fine. They will be baptized in the Coptic Church at least and both parents will commit to attend church regularly as well as teach and demonstrate Christian values daily. 

Religion
If I was the same person as i am today, and in a year I proposed to her, she would need to talk with Fr. Anthony, pray and then come to an understanding. 50/50 chance. Doesn’t respect who I am as a whole, and wants what is best with her views. Hard to compromise with on a lot of matters. Need to reiterate issues with her on multiple occasions for her to improve or compromise on things.

Communication:
Ileana Response: Couples should get rid of expectations when it comes to communication. I believe that quality is better than quantity. I am a woman of few words. Less is more, and I have learned to be concise and meticulous about my vocabulary, all must have a purpose and meaning. I prefer that from my S/O. Wise men and women listen and are not quick to answer. 

Quotes:

true love is a voluntary union of free individuals giving themselves to each other for their mutual delight and for the mutual enjoyment of life and all its blessings.